docs: fix the docs because the interface does not exist (#40308)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/schematics-for-libraries.md

### Get the project configuration

1. To determine the destination project, use the `workspaces.readWorkspace` method to read the contents of the workspace configuration file, `angular.json`.

>    Define `createHost()` for create a WorkspaceHost from the Tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To use `workspaces.readWorkspace` you need to create a `workspaces.WorkspaceHost` from the `Tree`.
```

### Get the project configuration

> 1. To determine the destination project, need to read the workspace from WorkspaceHost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To determine the destination project, use the `workspaces.readWorkspace` method to read the contents of the workspace configuration file, `angular.json`.
```

   Define `createHost()` for create a WorkspaceHost from the Tree.
   Add the following code to your factory function.

<code-example header="projects/my-lib/schematics/my-service/index.ts (Schema Import)" path="schematics-for-libraries/projects/my-lib/schematics/my-service/index.ts" region="workspace">
</code-example>

  * Be sure to check that the context exists and throw the appropriate error.

> 

Reviewer: Can you please re add the below?

```\
 The `WorkspaceDefinition`, `extensions` property includes a `defaultProject` value for determining which project to use if not provided.	
   We will use that value as a fallback, if no project is explicitly specified in the `ng generate` command.	

<code-example header="projects/my-lib/schematics/my-service/index.ts (Default Project)" path="schematics-for-libraries/projects/my-lib/schematics/my-service/index.ts" region="project-fallback">	
</code-example>
```

Author: Yes, I fixed.
